EDU 278: strongly typed errors update (#2007)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/references/strongly-typed-errors/cause-bad-update.md

---

> id: cause-bad-update

Reviewer: does this happen when the update handler rejects the update?

> title: Cause Bad Update

Author: I was going off the Notion doc here: https://www.notion.so/temporalio/7b0ba9f136b74e429e51db8bb556ce04?v=5da505c7abbd4a0fa3a67ab064bf6265.

There are several errors that I wrote copy for but haven't been added.

> title: Cause Bad Update

Author: I figured that it wouldn't be long before we really had to update all of this, so no worries

description: Explanation for Cause Bad Update error message, and how to fix it.
sidebar_label: Cause Bad Update
tags:
  - errors
  - strongly-typed
---

> This error indicates that the [Workflow Execution](/concepts/what-is-a-workflow-execution) could not receive an update due to an invalid Workflow Execution update message.

Reviewer 2: What is "update" in this context?

---
id: cause-bad-update
title: Cause Bad Update
description: Explanation for Cause Bad Update error message, and how to fix it.
sidebar_label: Cause Bad Update
tags:
  - errors
  - strongly-typed
---

> This error indicates that the [Workflow Execution](/concepts/what-is-a-workflow-execution) update could not be completed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This error indicates that a [Workflow Execution](/concepts/what-is-a-workflow-execution) update could not be completed.
```

Also need a TODO to link to the Workflow Update concept page once that's available.

> The message could be in the wrong format, or missing required fields.
> 
> Reset any missing attributes and reformat the update message.

Reviewer 2: There's nothing a user can do here.

```suggestion
A Worker has generated a Workflow Task Completion message in the wrong format, or is missing required fields.

This error may indicate usage of an unsupported SDK.
```

---
id: cause-bad-update
title: Cause Bad Update
description: Explanation for Cause Bad Update error message, and how to fix it.
sidebar_label: Cause Bad Update
tags:
  - errors
  - strongly-typed
---

<!--TODO: add link to Workflow Update page when written -->

This error indicates that a [Workflow Execution](/concepts/what-is-a-workflow-execution) could not be updated.

> `BadUpdate` can happen when a [Worker](/concepts/what-is-a-worker) generates a [Workflow Task Completed](/references/events#WorkflowTaskCompleted) message with missing fields or an invalid format.

Reviewer: Reading this, I don't know when/why this might occur, and whether it's related to the new Update feature, and how to fix it.

Author: Going with what information I have. This happens when completion happens before an update is received or if the update is invalid

Reviewer 2: It says below that it may indicate usage of an unsupported SDK.
There's not much else we can say.

Reviewer: do you mean an SDK that doesn't support Updates? eg TS workflow receiving an Update?

Reviewer 2: It means somehow an SDK sent a workflow task completion that has a broken update response.
That should never happen with any of our supported SDKs.

> This error can also indicate usage of an unsupported SDK.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This error may indicate usage of an unsupported SDK.
```

> This error indicates that a [Workflow Execution](/concepts/what-is-a-workflow-execution) tried to complete before receiving an update.
> 
> `BadUpdate` can happen when a [Worker](/concepts/what-is-a-worker) generates a [Workflow Task Completed](/references/events#WorkflowTaskCompleted) message with missing fields or an invalid format.
> 
> This error may indicate usage of an unsupported SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error indicates that a [Workflow Execution](/concepts/what-is-a-workflow-execution) tried to complete before receiving an Update.

`BadUpdate` can happen when a [Worker](/concepts/what-is-a-worker) generates a [Workflow Task Completed](/references/events#WorkflowTaskCompleted) message with missing fields or an invalid Update response format.

This error may indicate usage of an unsupported SDK.
Make sure you're using a [supported SDK](/temporal#temporal-sdk).
```

---
id: cause-bad-update
title: Cause Bad Update
description: Explanation for Cause Bad Update error message.
sidebar_label: Cause Bad Update
tags:
  - errors
  - strongly-typed
---

<!--TODO: add link to Workflow Update page when written -->

> This error indicates that a [Workflow Execution](/concepts/what-is-a-workflow-execution) tried to complete before receiving an Update.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This error indicates that a [Workflow Execution](/concepts/what-is-a-workflow-execution) tried to complete before receiving an update.
```
Lowercase unless, of course, we're gonna claim "Update" as a Temporal-specific term and add it to the Glossary.

> `BadUpdate` can happen when a [Worker](/concepts/what-is-a-worker) generates a [Workflow Task Completed](/references/events#WorkflowTaskCompleted) message with missing fields or an invalid Update response format.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`BadUpdate` can happen when a [Worker](/concepts/what-is-a-worker) generates a [Workflow Task Completed](/references/events#WorkflowTaskCompleted) message with missing fields or an invalid update response format.
```

> This error may indicate usage of an unsupported SDK.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This error might indicate usage of an unsupported SDK.
```
